<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
    <title>Pivax</title>
  </head>
  <body>
    <!-- Be careful, in order to display the languages in a random order, there must be as many h1 than p -->
    <!-- and in the same language order -->
    <div id="HomeContent">
      <!-- in this div, there must be only p and h1 tags -->
      <div id="ProjectDescription">
        <h1 xml:lang="fr" lang="fr">
      Le projet <span class="gray">iBaatukaay </span>/ The <span class="gray">iBaatukaay</span> Project/ sémbu <span class="gray">iBaatukaay</span></h1>
        <!--<h1 xml:lang="ja" lang="ja"><span class="gray">パピヨン</span>辞書</h1>
        <h1 xml:lang="en" lang="en">The <span class="gray">Papillon</span> project</h1>
        <h1 xml:lang="zh-Hans" lang="zh-Hans"><span class="gray">彩 蝶</span> 词 典</h1>
        <h1 xml:lang="de" lang="de">Das <span class="gray">Papillon</span>-Projekt</h1>-->
         <p class="standard">
          <span class="fra" xml:lang="fr" lang="fr">

           En général les langues africaines sont des langues peu dotées. La plupart des ressources existantes
sont sous format papier. Il y a une rareté d'outils informatiques pour ces langues. C’est pour apporter
des solutions à ces problèmes que le projet iBaatukaay est lancé. Son objectif est de mettre en place
une base lexicale multilingue contributive sur le web pour les langues africaines notamment
sénégalaises (wolof, pulaar, bambara, etc.). Le projet doit constituer une base pour la constitution de
correcteurs orthographiques, de traducteurs automatiques et autres dictionnaires électroniques.
iBaatukaay se veut utile et ouvert à la collaboration de toutes les personnes ayant un intérêt pour les
langues concernées et les données produites seront téléchargeables gratuitement sous licence
Creative Commons.</span>
        </p>
         <p class="standard">
          <span class="eng" xml:lang="en" lang="en">Generally, African languages are resourced languages. Most of the existing resources are in paper
format. There is a scarcity of IT tools for these languages. iBaatukaay projet is launched to provide
some solutions to these problems. The aim of the iBaatukaay project is to set up a multilingual
lexical database for contributions over the web for the particular Senegalese African languages
(Wolof, Fula, Bambara, etc.). It must be a basis for the constitution of spell checkers, machine
translators, and electronic dictionaries. The project want to be useful and open to the collaboration
of all those who have an interest for the languages concerned and the data generated will be
downloadable for free under Creative Commons license.</span>
        </p>
           <p class="standard">
          <span class="wol" xml:lang="wol" lang="wol">Naka jekk làkki Afrig yi dañu rafle. Li ëpp ci mbéll yi am ak as néew, ci ay këyit lañu leen móol.
Jumtukaayu xarala yi am ci làkku Afrig yi lu néew lañu. Saafara yii jafe-jafe moo waral sémbu
iBaatukaay. Li yékkati iBaatukaay mooy taxawal ab dàttu baat ñeel i làkk bu ñépp mën a dugal seen
loxo ci web ngir làkk Afrig yi, rawatina yoy Senegaal (wolof, pulaar, bàmbara). Warees na cee mën
a sukkandiku ngir nas ay jubbantikaayu bind, ay firikaayu làkk ak yeneeni baatukaay. iBaatukaay
mên a am njariñ, ku nekk mën cee indi wàllam, rawatina ñi suqali làkk yi soxal ; ñjëriñ li ku nekk
mën a cee jot ci mu wut ko jaare ko ci Creative Commons.</span>
        </p>
       <!-- <p class="standard">
          <span class="eng" xml:lang="ja" lang="ja">このプロジェクトは、特に英語、タイ語、中国語、ドイツ語、日本語、 フランス語、マレイ語、ラオス語及びベトナム語といった多言語の語彙データベースの作成を目指します。 商業目的ではなくオープンソースで誰でも無料で利用できます。 何人かの機械言語学者によって始められた私たちのプロジェクトはこれらの言語に 興味を持っているすべての人々にとって有効かつ開かれる事を目指しています。</span>
        </p>
     
        <p class="standard">
          <span class="zho" xml:lang="zh-Hans" lang="zh-Hans">本项目是为了创建一个包括英语、法语、日语、马来语、老挝语、泰语、             越南语和中文的多国文字平台，可以免费进入，没有任何商业目的。我们的平台可为所有对法语、日语、马来语、老挝语、泰语、 越南语和中文感兴趣的人们提供帮助。</span>
        </p>
        <p class="standard">
          <span class="deu" xml:lang="de" lang="de">Dieses Projekt hat die Erstellung einer mehrsprachigen Wörterbuch-Datenbank zum Ziel, welche unter anderem die Sprachen Chinesisch, Deutsch, Englisch, Französisch, Japanisch, Lao und Thai abdeckt. Der Zugang wird für den nicht kommerziellen Gebrauch kostenlos gewährt (Open Source Licenz). Unser Projekt, wurde von einigen Computer-Lingusiten initiert und hat zum Ziel, für alle, die an diesen Sprachen Interesse haben, nützlich und offen zu sein.</span>
        </p>-->
      </div>
       <div id="QueryResult">
        <h1 class="title">Search result</h1>
        <div id="QueryResultForm"/>
      </div>
      <div id="QueryFuzzyResult">
        <h1 class="title">Fuzzy search result</h1>
        <div id="QueryFuzzyResultForm"/>
      </div>
    </div>
  </body>
</html>
