<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN"
    "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <meta http-equiv="content-type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
    <title>Motamot</title>
  </head>
  <body>
    <div id="HomeContent" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
      <div id="ProjectDescription">
        <h1>Welcome to the home page of the Motamot project</h1>
		<p>Here is the list of available bilingual dictionaries:</p>
		<ul>
			<li>English-French dictionary <a href="?SrcTrg=engfra">engfra</a></li>
			<li>English-Vietnamese dictionary <a href="?SrcTrg=engvie">engvie</a></li>
			<li>French-Vietnamese dictionary <a href="?SrcTrg=fravie">fravie</a></li>
			<!--li>Dictionnaire français-japonais dictionary<a href="?SrcTrg=frajpn">frajpn</a></li>
			<li>Dictionnaire anglais-japonais dictionary<a href="?SrcTrg=engjpn">engjpn</a></li-->
		</ul>
		<p>The main goal of the project is to participate in the computalization of under-resourced languages.
		It consists in elaborating a multilingual lexical system by building simultaneously 
		several bilingual dictionaries sharing at least one language between each-other.
		The construction of these bilingual dictionaries will be made online on a "Papillon" like website
		built on top of the Jibiki platform.
		The working methodology is volunteer and collaborative, inspired from the Wikipedia project.</p> 
<p>The bilingual link created during the entry editing 
will be used in order to generate automatically reverse bilingual links and also to create new interlingual links.</p> 
<p>
The main goals of the project are:</p>
<ul>
 <li>
launching a contributing process around the construction of each bilingual dictionary of the project.
The success of Wikipedia project shows that it is possible, providing that the tools used are simple and easy to use.</li>
<li>developing at a large scale small experimental resources like DiCo database (Mel’čuk &amp; Polguère 2006) 
or PARAX system (Blanc 1996).</li>
<li>settling an experimental environment for validating several hypothesis coming from preceding work:
bijectivity of bilingual links and transitivity of interlingual ones;
massive contribution on the Web;
construction of a multilingual lexical system (Polguère 2006).</li>
</ul>

       	</div>
       <div id="QueryResult">
        <h1 class="title">Search results</h1>
        <div id="QueryResultForm">
        </div>
      </div>
      <div id="QueryFuzzyResult">
        <h1 class="title">Fuzzy search results</h1>
        <div id="QueryFuzzyResultForm">
        </div>
      </div>
    </div>
  </body>
</html>
