<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en-US" lang="en-US">
<head>
  <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" />
  <title>Header</title>
</head>
<body>
<!-- When translating this document, make sure the anchor names remain the same as they are refered from outside of this document -->
<div id="InfoContent" lang="en">
<h1 style="text-align:center">Information on Papillon Web Server</h1>

<p style="text-align:center">
<a href="#Presentation">Presentation of Papillon</a>&nbsp;|&nbsp;
<a href="#Access">Access Methods</a>&nbsp;|&nbsp;
<a href="#Info">More Information</a>&nbsp;|&nbsp;
<a href="#Links">Useful Links</a>&nbsp;|&nbsp;
<a href="#Credits">Credits</a></p>


<h2>Presentation of Papillon Project<a name="Presentation">&nbsp;</a></h2>

<h3>Introduction</h3>
<p class="standard">This project aims at creating a multilingual lexical database covering
among others English, French, Japanese, Lao, Thaï and Chinese. The access will be free
of charge for non commercial use (Open Source license). Our project,
initiated by some computational linguists, aims at being useful and open to
all those who are interested in these languages.</p>
<h3>Macrostructure</h3>
<p class="standard">The structure of the dictionary (macrostructure) is a pivot structure: each entry of each monolingual volume is linked to its translations in the other languages via an interlingual link stored in the pivot volume. This structure is specially interesting when a new language is added. There is no need to link a new entry wilth all its translations.</p>

<h3>Microstructure</h3>
<p class="standard">The structure of the monolingual entries (Microstructure) is based on the Explanatory and Combinatory Lexicography, part of the Meaning-Text Theory. This theory was created by Igor Mel'cuk and his colleagues in Moscow in the 70s gives the necessary information to go from an abstract meaning to its realisation in a given language. This theory is independent from the langauges, thus the same structure is used for all the languages. It is very detailed and is suitable for human and machine usage.</p>

<h3>Contributing</h3>
<p class="standard">Our goal is to apply the cooperative LINUX construction paradigm to the building of a multilingual dictionary and to mutualize the efforts of creating dictionary resources. Anybody can contribute to this project by giving entire resources, or by contributing online with correcting existing data or adding new entries. The data is then publicly available. For more information about how to contribute, please read the <a href="Help.po">Help</a> section.</p>

<h3>Lookup</h3>
<p class="standard">In order to avoid time consuming effort, we will create a skeleton of Papillon entries by recuperating and integrating existing data into the Papillon dictionary. This data comes from <a href="ViewDictionaries.po">existing dictionaries</a> that can be queried with the standard lookup interface in the left menu.</p>

<h2>Access methods<a name="Access">&nbsp;</a></h2>
<h3>Web</h3>
<p class="standard">The more complete way to access the Papillon server is online via a web browser. For a list of supported web browsers, please read the <a href="Help.po">Help</a> section.</p>

<h3>Mobile phones</h3>
<p class="standard">An experimental interface is available for AU mobile phones: <a href="HomeAU.po">http://www.papillon-dictionary.org/HomeAU.po</a>. It is written in Tiny XHTML. You can lookup a word and its translation on Papillon server via your mobile.</p>

<h3>Dictd protocol</h3>
<p class="standard">The Papillon server implements also the <a href="http://www.dict.org">dictd protocol</a>. You can use a dictd client like <a href="http://www.omnigroup.com/applications/omnidictionary/">OmniDictionary</a> from Omnigroup or any other dictd client. A basic method could be a telnet on www.papillon-dictionary.org on port 2628. This module is experimental. Please contact us for feedback.</p>


<h2>More Information<a name="Info">&nbsp;</a></h2>
<h3>Documentation</h3>
<p class="standard">For more information, you can read the numerous research papers stored in the <a href="ConsultInformations.po">documentation</a> repository</p>

<h3>Mailing-List</h3>
<p>You may also access the Papillon <a href="MailingList.po">mailing list archives</a>.</p>


<h2>Useful Links<a name="Links">&nbsp;</a></h2>

<h3>Partners</h3>
<ul>
<li><a href="http://clips.imag.fr">GETA-CLIPS</a> laboratory in Grenoble, France</li>
<li><a href="http://www.nii.ac.jp/">NII</a>, National Institute of Informatics in Tokyo, Japan</li>	
</ul>

<h3>Sponsor</h3>
<ul>
<li><a href="http://www.ambafrance-jp.org/">Embassy of France</a> in Japan</li>
</ul>

<h3>Related Projects</h3>
<ul>
<li><a href="http://dico.fj.free.fr/">DicoFJ</a>, a Japanese-French dictionary project;</li>
<li><a href="http://www.kecl.ntt.co.jp/icl/mtg/resources/engdic/">Engdict</a>, an English-Korean dictionary;</li>
<li><a href="http://clips.imag.fr/geta/services/fem/">FeM</a> a French-English-Malay dictionary;</li>
<li><a href="http://www.foks.info/">FOKS</a>, Forgiving Online Kanji Search;</li>
<li><a href="http://www.csse.monash.edu.au/~jwb/j_jmdict.html">JMdict</a>, Jim Breen Japanese-multilingual dictionary and <a href="http://www.csse.monash.edu.au/~jwb/wwwjdic.html">WWWJDIC</a>, its web interface;</li>
<li><a href="http://saikam.nii.ac.jp/">SAIKAM</a>, a Japanese-Thai online dictionary;</li>
<li><a href="http://www.informatik.uni-leipzig.de/~duc/Dict/index.html">VietDict</a>, a Vietnamese-French-english dictionary;</li>
<li><a href="http://isweb9.infoseek.co.jp/computer/wadoku/deutsch.html">WaDokuJT</a>, Ulrich Apel Japanese-German dictionary.</li>
</ul>


<h2>Credits<a name="Credits">&nbsp;</a></h2>
<ul>
<li><b>Mathieu MANGEOT-NAGATA</b>: main developper;</li>
<li><b>Gilles SÉRASSET</b>: first and latest design of the site, documentation and mailing list archive modules;</li>
<li><b>David THEVENIN</b>: intermediate design of the site, module for editing an entry online.</li>
</ul>

</div>
</body>
</html>
