<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
    <title>Pivax</title>
  </head>
  <body>
    <!-- Be careful, in order to display the languages in a random order, there must be as many h1 than p -->
    <!-- and in the same language order -->
    <div id="HomeContent">
      <!-- in this div, there must be only p and h1 tags -->
      <div id="ProjectDescription">
        <h1 xml:lang="fr" lang="fr">
      Le projet <span class="gray">iBaatukaay </span>/ The <span class="gray">ibaatukaay</span> Project</h1>
        <!--<h1 xml:lang="ja" lang="ja"><span class="gray">パピヨン</span>辞書</h1>
        <h1 xml:lang="en" lang="en">The <span class="gray">Papillon</span> project</h1>
        <h1 xml:lang="zh-Hans" lang="zh-Hans"><span class="gray">彩 蝶</span> 词 典</h1>
        <h1 xml:lang="de" lang="de">Das <span class="gray">Papillon</span>-Projekt</h1>-->
        <p class="standard">
          <span class="fra" xml:lang="fr" lang="fr">

           Au Sénégal 25 langues endogènes cohabitent avec le Français qui est considéré comme la langue officielle du pays. Cependant il convient de faire remarquer que seul 30 % de la population parle le Français comparé à certains langues nationales comme le Wolof qui parlé par 80% de la population. 

Malheureusement les langues nationales du Sénégal comme la plupart des langues africaines n’ont pas bénéficié des avancées du Traitement Automatique des Langues Naturelles(TALN) contrairement aux langues européennes. La plupart des ressources qui existent pour ces langues sont  en général sous format papier. À cela s’ajoute qu’il n’y a pas souvent de normes définis pour ces langues.

Le projet i-baatukaay se veut une référence ou même une norme pour les langues nationales du Sénégal. Le but du projet est la conception d’une base lexicale multilingue contributive sur le web pour les langues nationales à laquelle extraire des dictionnaires destinés à l’enseignement moyen et secondaire mais aussi produire des  dictionnaires bilingues (langue locale-langue étrangère et langue locale 1 - langue locale 2). L’aspect collaboratif est un point focal dans la mesure où des contributions sont attendues de toute personne ayant un intérêt pour ces langues à travers le site du projet.</span>
        </p>
         <p class="standard">
          <span class="eng" xml:lang="en" lang="en">In Senegal 25 indigenous languages ​​coexist with the French is considered the official language of the country. However it should be noted that only 30% of the population speak French compared to some national languages ​​like Wolof is spoken by 80% of the population. Unfortunately the national languages ​​of Senegal like most African languages ​​have not benefited from advanced Natural Language Processing (NLP) unlike European languages. Most of the resources that exist for these languages ​​are usually in paper format. Added to this is that there is often no standards defined for these languages. The i-baatukaay project is a reference or even a standard for national languages ​​of Senegal. The goal of the project is the design of a contributory multilingual lexical database on the web for the national languages ​​in which to extract dictionaries for middle and secondary education but also produce bilingual dictionaries (foreign-language local language and local language 1 - local language 2). The collaborative aspect is a focal point to the extent that contributions are expected from anyone with an interest in these languages ​​throughout the project site.</span>
        </p>
       <!-- <p class="standard">
          <span class="eng" xml:lang="ja" lang="ja">このプロジェクトは、特に英語、タイ語、中国語、ドイツ語、日本語、 フランス語、マレイ語、ラオス語及びベトナム語といった多言語の語彙データベースの作成を目指します。 商業目的ではなくオープンソースで誰でも無料で利用できます。 何人かの機械言語学者によって始められた私たちのプロジェクトはこれらの言語に 興味を持っているすべての人々にとって有効かつ開かれる事を目指しています。</span>
        </p>
        <p class="standard">
          <span class="wol" xml:lang="en" lang="en">In Senegal 25 indigenous languages ​​coexist with the French is considered the official language of the country. However it should be noted that only 30% of the population speak French compared to some national languages ​​like Wolof is spoken by 80% of the population. Unfortunately the national languages ​​of Senegal like most African languages ​​have not benefited from advanced Natural Language Processing (NLP) unlike European languages. Most of the resources that exist for these languages ​​are usually in paper format. Added to this is that there is often no standards defined for these languages. The i-baatukaay project is a reference or even a standard for national languages ​​of Senegal. The goal of the project is the design of a contributory multilingual lexical database on the web for the national languages ​​in which to extract dictionaries for middle and secondary education but also produce bilingual dictionaries (foreign-language local language and local language 1 - local language 2). The collaborative aspect is a focal point to the extent that contributions are expected from anyone with an interest in these languages ​​throughout the project site.</span>
        </p>
        <p class="standard">
          <span class="zho" xml:lang="zh-Hans" lang="zh-Hans">本项目是为了创建一个包括英语、法语、日语、马来语、老挝语、泰语、             越南语和中文的多国文字平台，可以免费进入，没有任何商业目的。我们的平台可为所有对法语、日语、马来语、老挝语、泰语、 越南语和中文感兴趣的人们提供帮助。</span>
        </p>
        <p class="standard">
          <span class="deu" xml:lang="de" lang="de">Dieses Projekt hat die Erstellung einer mehrsprachigen Wörterbuch-Datenbank zum Ziel, welche unter anderem die Sprachen Chinesisch, Deutsch, Englisch, Französisch, Japanisch, Lao und Thai abdeckt. Der Zugang wird für den nicht kommerziellen Gebrauch kostenlos gewährt (Open Source Licenz). Unser Projekt, wurde von einigen Computer-Lingusiten initiert und hat zum Ziel, für alle, die an diesen Sprachen Interesse haben, nützlich und offen zu sein.</span>
        </p>-->
      </div>
       <div id="QueryResult">
        <h1 class="title">Search result</h1>
        <div id="QueryResultForm"/>
      </div>
      <div id="QueryFuzzyResult">
        <h1 class="title">Fuzzy search result</h1>
        <div id="QueryFuzzyResultForm"/>
      </div>
    </div>
  </body>
</html>
